# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as <header>, <article>, and <section>. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to google around a bit before answering!)

It is important for us to use semantic elements such as header, article and section because it allows our websites to be organized. This enables the code to have a structure to follow and most importantly,  it clearly specifies independent and self-contained content. It gives us a good understanding of where each section of the site is. For example, if you want to create a header, you would need a header tag to do that. Before, when HTML4 was created, developers used to use their own class and id names to style the following elements: header, top, bottom, footer, menu, etc. However, the problem with this was it was hard for search engines like Google to identify the content inside these tags; thus it would not produce a outputting correctly websites for each search. With HTML5, having semantic arrays makes this a lot easier since these elements such as header and section are clearly specified for search engines, and possibility that a search engine misses a website in a search is greatly decreased. Therefore, t is more organized

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.  

http://i67.tinypic.com/qnp5ed.jpg

It is very important for the presentation of content to be eye-catching to the audience. You would need various requirements: the right and appropriate contrast in colors, good spacing between your content, and the correct format to display your content. There are many ways to display content to the reader. For example, there is a card format (left side of picture), where different content can be posted into each card, and just a simple horizontal 1-column layout (right side of picture). Having a 1-column display may be easier to create, but it may not be as eye-catching to the reader. However, the spacing in a card format may be more difficult to create, and it may be more difficult to fit content inside each card, but it can be more visual appealing to the reader. Having a good contrast into colours and proper spacing will also give a reason for the reader to stay. From my personal experience, if a website has a weird colour scheme or improper spacing, I would not stay on that site.
